[Music]
okay let's try to do this
too oh it's
on I thought this gave me way more
control okay just turn this low oh
wait okay so what we're looking at here
is a new
design basically I bought uh wait we
can't do this
um honestly this going to be a short
stream feel like whenever I'm off
the bro
like whatever
man what is going on thought I have this
saved
[Music]
damn I don't know uh
like this one go especially with the
music man why is this music so sad
man this [__] just gets me so [__]
bummed
[Music]
out first up we got to do this
all
right so I got these bearings and I we
can just start over
right
um this is pretty much the bearing
and the thing about this is it's pretty
tight to move it's kind of difficult to
move it around actually so what I want
to
do is maybe just have like a
um let's just do it in the other thing
cuz then I have so many
um I have so many easy
oh actually I wonder if I could get a
cad for it whatever it's fine
so actually I wonder if I can export
my variable studio if I could export my
variable Studio I'd prefer
[Music]
that copy table
we'd still need to import some assets
like the stepper
itself um but that shouldn't be too hard
roll this forward to our variable studio
and let's just paste
this that's what I'm saying bro why is
there no oh
wait oh hell yeah
why isn't
it why isn't it
uh so we have this this oh but we can't
modify it that's not so
bad right yeah so we need to just make
this
big
blue okay so now we shouldn't have
any overlap these the 6 weights I don't
think you can prefix uh them with
numbers that's why I had to name it like
this but it's fine so for now all we
want to do
is test out whether or not we can even
move the
bearing
with well I
mean h I kind of want to do an
intermediate goal here and just try to
um
and the other thing about
this so we can make this freaking Hollow
so when I do
this why don't we just move this
in okay wait let's just start
over Okay so this is just going to be
called the bearing
test okay so all we
have should we do two bearings we should
probably test both of them but I don't
know maybe I should test one of
them okay so what I was thinking
is you you draw sketch here this outer
thing is going to be
like uh
oops big bearing
OD and then we want like
a oops
actually uh this needs to be well
actually it's the distance from here to
here and this probably needs to
be a
stepper width right
something's wrong oh it's because of
this what's wrong
here
oh yeah we can make this stepper with
then plus plus 2 *
wall this also needs to be
plus plus
wall okay in this
line oh my God
[Music]
um so then we have wait but this no yeah
we messed this up we going to have to
um delete
this for
oh yeah I was playing around with
fasteners Fasteners are a little goofy
someone earlier asked me what I miss
about I feel like the Fastener interface
is actually a little bit honestly no but
it's they both they both kind of
stink um but we can just delete all this
I
[Music]
um I'm trying to figure out if I
should do it like this where I have one
here and then I copied it and I put it
up I put it in there
okay yeah it doesn't have to fit the
whole thing
right oh but this
wait okay what are we trying to do here
so for first
off let's let's
oh
what how does that
work
okay so the bearing just goes in there
that's it we just push it in there
so then let's put the bearing
in
uh this is where it gets kind of awkward
right
because all right well let's just make a
um just a plane bearing just just for
whatever
[Music]
and that's the whole part I mean that's
that's effectively of the whole
part so then in assembly two
and that's literally correct but we do
need to made it
still oh what the
hell uh
but is it going to
update
right can we just
undo the
hell okay
we want to
fix wait
what okay so now in the interior of
here it needs to be clearanced I mean I
think you do want a tight press fit I
think I made it like 2 smaller than the
OD in the last design but I feel like
maybe I don't need that with these big
ass
bearings I don't even know how I'm going
to clamp it in I probably to use two VI
anti
[Music]
poal okay let's just get this thing so
we can freaking print it man so now we
need a new
part and we can put it in here we're
going to sketch on the top sketch normal
see this thing is going to be um it's
going to be bearing
ID
minus
4 we do that we can make it even looser
about
point8 2 six okay now this thing we can
also just make this like
this I mean we don't really
need the one thing that we are going to
need to do and we can make
this okay so we need to figure out um
okay wait so we need to
import oh import just immediately is
there a way to
um import from another document
no that doesn't seem like what I
[Music]
want yeah because I want
to oh wait actually you know what I can
do oh [__] wait hold on just s this okay
in um the assembly file I can insert
other documents owned by me pant
stepper oh is it an yeah it's an
assembly that thing looks big man what
the
hell what the hell
bro okay so let's just do this now how
do we want to do this because we want to
make that with that I'm going to flip it
see how it's intersec a little
bit so when we go back we're going to
have to go back to this
thing is it this
sketch you going to make this may just
make it two times wall just five
more how's
that see that seems pretty good the only
issue
here oh well first off this is so stupid
cuz how are we going to mount this
thing I mean we could just put walls
around it but this is so
crazy okay the design the design
originally was that we're going to
have let's make another assembly
and then let's insert other documents
assembly
step
okay the idea was to
put is there a way to rotate this
thing there's got to be a way to rotate
this
thing oh these are rotational things
yeah so you just got to go like
this okay so the idea was to put
this
um I guess sort of like that
and then the Worm Drive just sits on
there I guess we want it
further over here and then we want to
rotate this like
this kind of like that see how much it's
interfering though that's sort of of my
bigger worry is
like just getting the geometry right
here is going to be a pain in the
butt I mean I feel like this is a better
design than what we what janky test
thing we have going on right
now
um I wonder if I can just do a um
[Music]
okay well actually I want to reprint
that thing can we go back to is it in
here I think it is in here so this is
bugged
out wait why is this sketch not oh yeah
that's just a nothing
burger just try to print this again I
know
that I know that it's just going to I
feel like it's just going to fail and I
have to go to class anyways
so but I really do want a a nice Worm
Drive I can have
work controlled by the stepper
so let's just do
that now I need to charge my
phone
okay oh and then I got a um
um another motor that we can try
hopefully maybe that that might be a
something to try
out there's no reason why this should
succeed I feel like but whatever
[Music]
okay um
cuzz the problem
is these walls so this to
here oh what
12 oh that's that's yeah that's not
right what we want is
this Center
[Music]
disc men
okay that doesn't make any sense for me
at
all we just want to know the distance of
these
walls so let's go to
this probably
this all right yeah what is the distance
between here and
here oh it is something weird I wonder
if we could make get wall is that
stupid now there's a big gap in
there I mean the real issue is
[Music]
what's up
ol what's going on
man so we need to get a
uh what if we just use the one that we
already
have what is it
called warm dry it's too long but um
maybe we just pull it back
okay uh let's just do the mate here like
this we want it to be on
this and then we want the offset to be
uh 22 and z
[Music]
yeah as long as it doesn't cross that
top
[Music]
view probably already sleeping yeah me
too man I'm tired
[Music]
oh what happened
here actually this looks pretty good all
we need is a little uh bracket
here the main problem is that with all
these angles it's hard to get those
perfect so wait we want to rotate
this it's very hard to
tell but I feel like it would be
something like that so let's just
click why isn't it accepting my
commands so I'm trying to think about
the
assembly oh and I want to do one more
thing when we
do this
yeah there's absolutely no reason for
this oh wait was
that this sketch
[Music]
okay yeah that's see that's way better
the only problem is we need to figure
out how to do this uh oh
wait wait we want the
um okay that's not exactly right because
we actually do
want this one to go to the middle
[Music]
what the
HCK
[Music]
H does that seem
right this thing is using projected
geometry wait why did I even do that
this what the hell is going on with
me all
right so now we have a
[Music]
plate I don't know why this needs to be
so thick
cuz dude a 10 mil plate at that big is
going to take forever to print it's just
such a
waste so we'll have to fix that but
right now I'm more curious about
[Music]
oh that's
90 what about
this
80 does that check out
I feel like
that only kind of makes
sense I'm plug in my phone
let's check on the print I feel like
this thing is going to be totally busted
man I don't know it only started H it
only starts happening towards like the
look at that stringing though
[Music]
you know it's interesting you never see
people
pla or anything like that I of want to
look up a video of
[Music]
that yeah I'm
curious hey guys and welcome to
functional print Friday so last week I
showed you guys this scale calibration
weight set case so inside here if you
missed that last week's video is a
calibration weight set for uh scales
that I designed and very happy with this
with the exception of the lid I've never
been happy with how the lid came out of
the sky mainly the the lettering on very
happy with the texture on here but
partly because that texture and partly
because it's just hard to print
lettering on the underside of something
the face it goes down in the bed you can
see it really doesn't look very good I
asked you guys for some help on how I
could do this better and you guys
schooled me so let's go take a look at
the comments from last week's video
right let's see what you guys wrote so
uh start from the bottom uh from DB I
print text on surfaces just like that
without issues the school stick or
something similar to inan I also switch
the material int textur bed more than a
smooth bed definitely good thought I
didn't use a glue stick in the original
print I do think I had the Z height as
low as I could get it uh to get the
maximum amount of Squish into the the
textur bed um but I haven't tried glue I
might have to give that a shot uh next
up parts Dave you could print a VY
adhesive label over it also a great idea
and actually I have a die sublimation
printer that will do labels they're
small it'll only do like a business card
size but realistically that's all we
would need um we could have like a
recess in the in the the top of the lid
to match the size of the label so it's
just below the surface um and then go
ahead and just put the label uh after we
cleared out the supports have to be
there the only downside I can think of
is the viny labels or really any label
is going to be pretty thin and you're
probably going to see the texture of the
supports under unless there was a way to
clear that up um he also goes on to say
that we could do uh printing the letters
separately in another color and then
press them in The Recess also a good
idea fairly La intensive uh but I think
if they
were both in aesthetic and you know
function with the the text on the side
as we talking about I got rid earling
for a couple reasons first of all I know
it was going to be a real pain to have
rais lettering or recess lettering with
earling it's just going to get lost
there it be a real pain to try and
design around all that mesh if we could
get this guy in here kind of angle like
this and now imagine we have this um
this flat end in here to slide across
the bottom uh hitting it like this and
then we turn this so that we get kind of
basically cut of a chamfer into the the
edge of this uh my lath is not up and
running that might be an easier way to
do this just Chuck this L um and turn
this part and then um transfer the the
end I'm not sure about that because the
tool itself then is just going to be
digging into this might try and pull
itself in whereas on the milling machine
this is turning a really slow speed you
we're basically advancing the work into
the tool bit that is turning at a faster
speed not too fast that was the trick to
getting a good surface finish here is I
slowed this guy down uh pretty far um I
think I was down about 700 RPMs uh
which and you would for you steel or
aluminum or other materials but a slow
feed rate so slowly moving the material
through the the mill bit or the MML uh
and having a fairly slow SLE speed gives
you a good finish I don't know if that's
going to translate to this kind of cut
but let me see what I have that might
let us position this in the milling
machine uh to cut that face so I've got
this this is a dividing head this is
designed to mount something in the uh
the three drw Chuck gear and you can
turn it with this handle and this is a
dividing disc gear you can turn it to
specific angles like if you're cutting
like if you wanted to cut hex into
something or or turn a cylinder into you
know square at the end or any number of
faces that you that you need it you can
even you know cut with this if you have
the right the right gear Cutters but
this guy does actually angle um so we
can flip this up vertically or at you
know any angle we want to work more like
a rotary table I just checked and I
don't think that we're going to get this
in this three drve truck that's just too
small um either gripping on the inside
of the lid or gripping on the the
outside of the base or the the upper
part of the the but I have another truck
that I actually got out of a garbage
pile uh that I was in the process of
rebuilding that is nowhere near ready to
use for metal but I think we could
probably make it work for plastic let me
grab
that all right so here's the backing
plate for this truck and I've never
actually tried it but I think the
threads on this backing plate are the
same as the thread the dividing head for
the three draw truck so let see if I can
get that off and if this is even going
to we'll try just vacum plate on there
before I try and reassemble this guy to
use
it all right so that does fit so in the
this should work so let's put this truck
back
again oh that's so cool I've never seen
something like
that a good looking lathe man or Mill
man clean up in place and everything is
as centered as it can be I put two
layers of painter sa under here to
hopefully keep these uh truck Jaws from
Maring up the surface finish on the
bottom part of our holder uh and
everything is centered with in tenal uh
this face up here runs through with in
10al and this edge here runs through
with in I can't get any less than that I
don't think it's actually a center I
think it's just imperfections in the
print uh itself so there's so many
different yeah bro I wouldn't expect
anything more than that in see what
happens
uh look at all that it's kind of
disgusting
actually all right went surprisingly
well uh it's hard to see it here in the
plastic chips are so unappealing man
this is a 300 20 GP flexible
paper actually this stff has an
interesting story I bought this low a
couple years ago uh it is like a plastic
back paper this stuff never wears out or
well I me it eventually does I think I'm
only on my second sheet of it I thought
stff is great buy more I think they
discontinued I think they were like oh
crap no one's ever going to buy
sandpaper ever again we better stop
selling this if you guys have found this
plastic back 3M paper anywhere uh send
me a link I'd love to buy some more of
it that's funny
all right lightly s that I think that
looks pretty good let's go it does look
good all right we're down here my
electronic expion if you haven't seen me
use this before this is a hot air rework
station it's meant for warming up whole
chips on the surface of boards and
pulling them off but I have found that
it has an even better use for cleaning
up 3D prints to do is let this come up
the temperature I'm going to go around
you got to be really careful not to
overheat the print but if you get just
right you'll return that that sort of as
printed surface finish you're remelting
the plastic just at the surface and
taking away all those light colored
stress marks on the
plastic notice how quickly I'm moving
you can't stand in one place too long
but you can make more than one pass
well guys was quite a journey but I
think we PR pretty
neat hey guys and welcome to functional
Friday so last
[Music]
it's a nice little Mill
man wow look at the spindle Speedy they
use 12,000
other
Mill dude I'm hella tired man I'm not I
didn't drink any caffeine today I'm not
feeling it
damn what we even
doing look see this thing looks good
right now but then when it gets to the
top it just looks like it just like
falls apart becomes like tissue paper
um let's see what's going
on uh let's just go back
to this
so okay let me just make a new part
Studio wait why is it
okay we just want to
see or maybe I'll build it maybe I'll
build the gear part first so let's do
this so spur
gear and the mo the module is two I
guess we want this pitch diameter to
be I mean we want it to be as big as
possible wait the pitch though we can't
we can make the pitch maybe like
80 we could probably make the pitch
bro I wish it would lock the I would
wish it would change the number of
teeth um so let's just make this
40 okay and then hole we don't need the
hole
um it's kind of annoying that they never
put this on the um
they never put they never they never put
it on the
uh let's just do a transform on this
thing I just want to rotate this thing
and I wish I
could uh I wish I could select a
um I don't know
whatever we don't need to rotate it so
I just want to sketch on
here
a so this is a this is 84
right right that that sort of makes
sense cuz oh cuz it's times the module
it's whatever times the
module I don't think that's
right I forget what you do with the
addenda
um okay and then I just always like to
do this just so that I have some pointed
of reference we want to do yeah this
should be good then I want a driven on
this so that's
75 let's turn that to Q
okay
75 and what was this this was
80 this is
84 oh really
so that means that the
tooth
wait
84 75 is is
not okay that makes sense
okay wait but what was I when when we go
to bearing based design and then we look
at this
sketch the distance from here to here is
40 right right right right so what we
need to
do oh but that is the pitch diameter we
need the we need the the what is it
called the root diameter I think we need
the root diameter to be
um uh that that's nothing okay
so is it this so we actually want
the so yeah this is the pitch
diameter and 80 - 75 this is 2.5 and
then this is four so yeah so this is
this is one times
the module and the other one is what one
point two five times the module or
something like that
and we need to go a little bit bigger
but we need to keep this under 90
right because at 90
oops yeah I kind of feel suspicious
about doing that we could make it a more
complicated thing where it's
like goes inwards oh bro I
got this has been bothering the hell out
of me
oh I'm a gremlin I'm a gremlin I'm a
gremlin
that means we have six
Mills
so wait what am I actually thinking
about cuz can't we just make it smaller
like doesn't it not
matter talking about this
okay let's just try that and we're going
to make
a so we're g to oh wait we need to take
this sketch and we need
to oh I see okay wait so if we were to
do right no that's fine so if we were to
T change this take this face extrude it
let's just say by
10 and then we're going to sketch on
here and here is where we're going to
make
a and this is going to be
a big
bearing uh
ID and we are going to take uh this and
this and we're going to extrude
that by
like yeah whatever
30 and then and then we're going to just
mirror that so we're going to make a
mirror plane from here to here so not
that but this
plane mid plane yeah that's
perfect or wait actually yeah no that's
no yeah that's okay so now we just want
to mirror
been driving me crazy
okay so yeah so let's just make a
feature mirror of this Extrusion
and this Extrusion and the mirror plane
is going to be this [__] guy right
here wait what
that seems about
right this is big ass thing but the idea
is oh yeah and then we want to just bore
a freaking big ass hole through
it so we could just do
this yeah make that five take this ex
oops
remove up to
next right so this is
basically oh some something happened
here but in any case
that is sort of what I had in
mind what assembly was this in
we should be able to insert it in here
right let's just do that part Studio
2 okay and then
this and we want it to be uh
revolute and we want it to be this guy
to the bottom yeah like that
and this should turn
right okay so this is already presenting
a problem Oh but wait we were going to
rotate this this isn't going to be like
that so we can
delete what this
mate we want to actually like point it
at
it the problem is there's a big ass wall
there but for the purposes of this I
guess I could just cons I could just
treat it like there is no wall there
[__] how old does this look Croy
dude it's just
water
e
e e
okay last
thing I'm just going to [__] lie down
until I have to go but I
um we got
this let me try to find the product
listing on
Amazon wa let's just go to m
what the
hell um oh my
God bro what the hell man I literally
have done this multiple times
now [__] God bro I feel like it just
forgets whatever I'm just going to do it
over here I don't give
[__] y'all can just watch this
print um 10
RPM Motor I feel like even if I go
to 12vt here we
go uh I think they gave me drawings they
gave me some drawings we could probably
try to speedrun
this no way the shaft is 12 Ms bro
that's not even
right oh that's the for the notch okay
so let's just try to do
this
um where should we do
it we should do it in here okay so this
is going to be the create part Studio
this is going to be the
10 RPM Motor so we're going to try to
get this done before I have to
leave which is at five
but I can't
deny we could put it all the rest
just okay so here we go let's take this
I wonder if they gave us a cad ga37 RG
this is probably
it pretty good can we do it ourselves I
mean this is all I need this seems right
50 rpm the the no way the dimensions are
different
let's duplicate
this yeah I think this GA is
um so let's just
um I think I can log in
but H bro
there's so much stuff about just using a
computer that's so
stupid please tell me I get a step
file uh 3D and then we're going to make
a downloads in the 3D
okay now we
can that's nice though that it
um wow dude my
um me
um let me link my YouTube in uh
and my grab cat because
evidently my grab CAD has gotten some
likes okay [__] it so we got the
model uh
okay so we already have the model we
just need to adjust let's look at the
hopper
assembly hop ass
to okay so basically the only thing that
needs to change here
is
um luckily we really don't have to worry
about the shaft not hitting the or the
the set screw is not hitting the
d uh the part of the problem is we're
going to have to change the
Hub dude yeah I'm going to okay next
stream or something we are definitely
making a script to design these set
screw hubs cuz I've done this feature
literally a bajillion times and it's
time for me to just you take a
cylinder you define the top face of the
cylinder and you define the bottom face
of the cylinder and then you um well I
mean it it'll figure out what the bottom
is but but uh and then it'll just do
these features cuz it's so absurd to
like really do this
again
um and then the other thing is the
length of it so wait can we upload so
let's import
um 3D downloads let's just do uh extract
all please don't be stto
dude I I'm so sick of Windows actually
though this shaft has some play to it I
don't really like that actually um yeah
you go view details but then it still
doesn't freaking tell you the it just
tells you the the it just tells you the
application associated with the file
type and it doesn't tell you the file
type because f typ are
scary are very
scary all right so gave me a literally
the fusion file but please tell me
that's not an
stto is there a way for me to just
always show this in in this view because
I'm I'm so I'm so tired of this all
right it's a step file
good import into this document
we could put okay so it's an assembly
file let's see this thing probably
doesn't have a revolute right
yeah it's kind of a joke but um it's
okay we can at least do
this and this but then what I want to do
is I want to
take
um wait can we wait does this open so
that okay right so what I want to do is
I want to take this whole thing I want
split
it and it just split with this thing or
not face but
um component
one entity to split with probably
this so now this is its own thing
right split body how do I split
body this didn't do what I wanted Parts
surfaces or Curves
okay so that's a part but we actually
want to
split
this yeah wait wait that goes all the
way down in
there what is this okay so this is a
separate part but it's m it or what can
I do a transer for and just drag I can't
drag it around I kind of don't like that
but um if we go back into this assembly
thing
oh oh
boy let's just delete all this
[__] just going to delete this I'm going
to insert what is it called
zga okay that seems good so now there's
three bodies here right so we had the
shaft we this so also I'm going to
rename this and this is going to be
called the 10 RPM
Motor okay so this
thing we need to make sure we don't mess
this up is 15 from there let's look at
the
drawing yeah that's checks out
so we can put it on a rest just for one
oh I got to get my shoes okay
so um so let's make
this is that the center I can I don't
know so we need to do this then we need
to offset by Z by 15 and then we need to
make this
revolute sick so now oops okay fine so
now we can
make this
what what is that part wait can we
rename these we need to rename
these component
one we're going to rename
as motor base I don't know I don't even
know what this thing is about okay this
is going to be the
shaft rename
shaft and then rename
gearbox okay cool
so now these things should be a little
bit more sane to understand so when I
click on this it's the
gearbox and there's that and this is a
fasten mate okay so now and then this I
want to say is the fixed
part so now we have all right so we have
our motor so that's pretty
good now all we have to do is in hop
ass we basically we only have a
15 uh it's kind of annoying how short
this shaft is I I prefer the 20 Ms
actually because well whatever we're cuz
the thing is this is a
six the diameter of this thing is six
right also it's got a little champer but
whatever yeah so this is a six diameter
so it's a little bit wider actually than
than the stepper
Motors
um that's okay but the only problem is
this
um oh actually I want to check
um oh guys by the way I um I looked
at yeah no one's going to respond to
this thing ever again uh I looked at
um how many Extrusion paths are in an
actual print I looked at the Worm
Drive and the uh the Worm Drive has
upwards of I think more than
100,000 extrusions individual G g1s
where it's extruding
material so yeah there's no freaking way
that on shape is going to be able to do
what I need it to do so I think I'm
going to have to do something custom I
found a library called um
seal and hopefully this could be fast
enough
GPT told me that that 100,000 unions
might take a few minutes and
look if it's an important part I'm
willing to wait actually
like if it's a good reconstruction maybe
like 20 minutes for a good
reconstruction
yeah
unfortunately getting a good
reconstruction is actually way harder
than I thought because you have
to you have to do real sweeps
and I really want someone to pick up
that project and make it like a viable
thing cuz it's so it's it's just gotten
so much harder I am going to do the seal
thing but dude working with C++ on
Windows is so bad let's see if we can
actually let's just see if we
can
uh they said the recommended install
instructions
are to the website yeah cool
download
Windows they they recommend VC package
honestly VC package is probably not not
so bad but
what really I could have sworn that I
had this please tell me that there's a
wi
get dude exactly dude holy sh Wait holy
[__] bro what the
[__] I think that I think they
recommended is that you clone it right
get
started use VC
package but how do I install it you ID
okay so I'm just going to put it
here thing is it's so
insane [__] I gotta go
soon we can put it all to RIS just for
one
night the other thing is that this
computer is like completely running out
of
storage I need to get a new
Drive there's 12 gigs
free all right well
[Music]
whatever can you believe this pimo
literally was like Hey we're just going
to drop this in your [__] user
home how disrespectful is is
that oh here we
go okay so now I can do VC
package
right right that's
cool wow why doesn't it add to the
pth let's just do this really quickly
uh edit environment variables for my
account what
that is so [__]
stupid windows is
like it's just to [__] edit your path
man
okay all right so what do I need to do
now I need to install seale
dude I does anyone remember I think I
did this on stream did I do this on
stream I um bro all I did was try to
build open CV and it like filled my hard
drive it like filled my hard drive
completely and you know what's so stupid
on Instagram I get this [__] guy
claiming to be the CEO of open CV and
he's like join our webinar for AIML and
it's like he's wearing those stupid news
boy hats bro want a dude I want to [__]
that guy up why don't it just make open
CV
usable why are you trying to Market it
as open CV
University it's just a bunch of total
crap this guy Bro [__] this guy man this
is not legit this is not legit at all
dude SAA Malik bro I kill that guy not
really but just like it's like I can't
even use open CV and they're trying to
like change their business model to like
sell [__] it's like you're an
open-source package what the [__] do you
know about running educational
things it just
so I like some of the Gaga songs but
what the [__] does she know about
cameras you know that kind of
vibe bro I love that
video all right so oh wait let's look at
our print
hey that's looking pretty
good nice but the the worst thing about
3D printing is when you feel like you
have to get lucky for a print to
work I mean I just don't know what was
happening last time it was like it was
like fluffy I I wonder if I have that
print I probably junked it but yeah it
totally bummed me out but I can't wait
nine more minutes I got to run I